adding groupSourceComments (#168)
gagoar/codeowners-generator: README.md

- **useMaintainers** (`--useMaintainers`): It will use `maintainers` field from package.json to generate codeowners, by default it will use `**/package.json`

> - **groupSourceComments** (`--group-source-comments`): It will add a comment per source file, instead of adding one on every rule found. Useful if your codeowners file gets too noisy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **groupSourceComments** (`--group-source-comments`): Instead of generating one comment per rule, enabling this flag will group comments, reducing comments to one per source file. Useful if your codeowners file gets too noisy.
```
